Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

=> HTTP

HTTP stands for hypertext transfer protocol & it is used in client-server communication. By using HTTP user sends the request to the server & 
the server sends the response to the user. 

=> HTTP 1.1

* Developed by Timothy Berners-Lee in 1989 as a communication standard for the World Wide Web, 
HTTP is a top-level application protocol that exchanges information between a client computer and a local or remote web server. In this process,
a client sends a text-based request to a server by calling a method like GET or POST. In response, the server sends a resource like an HTML page back to the client.

* HTTP/1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other resources behind it In contrast.

* HTTP/1.1 which was created in 1997

* the uses works on the textual format.

* There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources.

* It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages

* It compresses data by itself.


=>HTTP 2

* Stream prioritization not only solves the possible issue of requests competing for the same resource, 
but also allows developers to customize the relative weight of requests to better optimize application performance. 
In this section, we will break down the process of this prioritization in order to provide better insight into how you can leverage this feature of HTTP/2.


* HTTP/2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource.

* HTTP/2 which was created in 2015

* It works on the binary protocol

* It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.

* It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages 

* It uses HPACK for data compression.




2.Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

Object:
In JavaScript, an object is a standalone entity, with properties and type. Compare it with a cup, for example. A cup is an object, with properties. 
A cup has a color, a design, weight, a material it is made of, etc. The same way, JavaScript objects can have properties, which define their characteristics.

Creating Objects in JavaScript:
By object literal
By creating instance of Object directly (using new keyword)


object methods
An object method is an object property containing a function definition.

i.e.,

Let’s assume to start the car there will be a mechanical functionality.
function(){return ignition.on}

and so similar is to stop/brake/headlights on & off, etc.
So, conclusion and simple definition for Java Script Object methods is “Methods are actions that can be performed on objects.”bjects are important data types in javascript. Objects are different than primitive datatypes (i.e. number, string, boolean, etc.). Primitive data types contain one value but Objects can hold many values in form of Key: value pair. These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, respectively, in the context of an object.

Every object has some property associated with some value. These values can be accessed using these properties associated with them.

var myCar = new Object();

myCar.make = 'Suzuki';

myCar.model = 'Altros';

myCar.year = 1978;

myCar.wheels = 2;

After creating myCar object, the value inside the object can be accessed using keys.

i.e.

myCar.year

Output: 1978

These values can be accessed using brackets notation also.

myCar[year]

Output: 1978


Create JavaScript Object with Constructor
Constructor is nothing but a function and with help of new keyword, constructor function allows to create multiple objects of same flavor

Using the Object.create method
Objects can also be created using the Object.create() method. 
This method can be very useful, because it allows you to choose the prototype object for the object you want to create, 
without having to define a constructor function.



